very good my dear lovers of the
heart how are you? well I wanted to
deny something that they are saying
especially this one on Twitter he is a friend of
Antonio there was talk by mouth Antonio Abilita okay it
costs me because I have experienced it
Antonio Avilés sends things and it is
that he is belittling the work of
the youtubers in particular in this
occasion mine has been for several days I
imagine that down to me I don't know what and the
whole truth is that they mess with me
that we like me better or worse than this one and
more or less agree with my opinions
of course I mean but of
course you can criticize me you can
criticize me if I change my mind on something if
something doesn't add up of course what I am
not going to allow is for
my work to be defamed okay but under no
circumstances as far as it has to go
I suppose he is talking about the dismantling that he
did with the videos of twitterers that we
all know did all the
work for him whether he is referring to me he is
answering me to the blue tide between David it
would be good for you Javi to dismantle all the
documentary
I have never had any
video called dismantling I have never
had any section called
dismantling many of the kings not to see
that there is more than one that is being searched for
some lately but dismantling in
a house called my videos that in my
videos I sometimes dismantle characters
yes but they have never been called in assembling
okay I have done it they have been videos on
my own that they have not done the work for me
you know that I am not going to allow this
okay in fact it is not only that they have not
done the work for me but it
can be verified you know it is as
simple as some of look for
example this video about Javier you have
been live this video
made of how we were spinning you have been
live with me watching how we
looked for information we hired we
compiled we searched in
old programs and then and we washed the story
so that everything fits okay Carlota
Corredera but the thing is that there are videos and
videos that are characterized because they have
days and days and days of swallowing
programs and programs of salvame
raffle programs
heart programs from the 90s of the beginning
of  the 2000s, I mean, there are a lot of
things, a lot of things that no
one else but me can find to
debunk this Carlota Corredera thing,
since Twitter users have done it to me,
that I have taken a click on some
occasion that I have found on Twitter or
how can it be Carito Mary Mail, of
course, well, if that has been done
live, they have related a click
to Zubair or Twitter or clicks that
belong to Telecinco, of course they do
not belong to any Twitter or that I have
taken some clicks that they have found on me,
this climate I save of course, but they
serve to get to the truth, no, not to
do the work, but the vast
majority, the vast majority of the hundreds,
but it is not all the work that I have
done,
documentary,
this, this video was incredible, I already wrote
about the investigation that I did, the truth
about the publication of the sentence
of the conviction of Rocío Flores, that is, all
the work here of linking one thing, another
thing, another thing, it is that it is more in fact there are
videos like this one that have
been copied from me in the media,
so clearly and without giving  credits on more
than one occasion okay but you have to have
nerve you have to have nerve and you have to have the
nerve to go and say that my
work is done by twitterers I've been
on youtube for seven years and my videos have always been
characterized by
all the background they have some more than
others some are
live portraits but they have always been
characterized before I met
any of these twitter people I don't know what I
always empty my history to
find a newspaper archive for objectivity
for the way of contracting the
information be it
and it is counting but not only that I
have dismantled the documentary that had
dismantled many programs of sálvame
many of these Friday programs
that were kicked out of montealto and that I have
swallowed hours and hours and hours reading
sentences
looking for
jurisprudence on similar cases
contracting and checking things from
super old programs that have been a
great thing for me life itself to find
okay be it chapter by chapter while I was
broadcasting the documentary informing
people that they have done the work for me when
Anton himself had even when
the channel was created to Noel because he  he takes
the channel the channel takes it he doesn't
even make a compilation of videos
Anton himself had taken a video game for
example the one with Kiko Hernandez today that you
see it and they are my video I
already had the videos of Antonio David this one
for example of Kiko Hernandez and all the
roll and you see it and it is the video that he
had already released a month ago that I don't
care because his cause that he uses
my clips and that he uses everything to
defend himself okay but men
that I have criticized you that they do the
work for me to defend a person that
when he sits in the chair you don't even
know what he is going to be about the basic video
that someone else prepares it for him
click and he told him the script
man please but it's not that is that I am
not going to consent because it is not
true it is not true
okay my videos have never been taken
dismantling there was a time when there were
some even
dismantling Carlota Corredera
dismantling María Patiño those
dismantling I asked for Antonio Davis
instead of doing it himself for some reason I don't
know why not  he did it and asked
us to put those up so that
people can compile there are things okay I mean it
's not us exactly who we're
asking to be done for us
okay
and as he's saying look keyword a
follower of our Welshman Anthony Davis
has thanked us many times
because many of my videos and more than one
well quite a few the video are in
legal proceedings he has used them
from there for his legal proceedings
because watching my program and watching my
program and watching my programs he found
things that have been very useful to him
and above all to isolate and to square
the story or rather not all of them have to
click okay and the nonsense is
Juan Julio Oliveira wanted to be the
owners of the place they fought among
themselves to see who would earn one more euro
now Antonio David comes into the equation
and without making an effort he doubles and triples their
views he takes more money than them
this is like the typical lie that is
repeated many times it becomes the
truth and apart from that it is an absurd argument
because
the audience the number of audience that you
have does not give you and they prove you wrong if
we start to measure the audience we are going to
measure the a  see where Antonio
Abril's is, Anton's is Javi Antonio
Ambit has a million visits a month,
a million to visit me, that's what
Xavi Oliveira has. His
main channel is worth a million visits, a
million one hundred thousand, he has skill in his
main channel because his
secondary channel Javier Canijo has
13 and a half million visits on TV, the CEO has
three and a half million visits at
hand, I have to teach math
apart from dismantling documentaries,
Cadena Agua only has
8 million visits plus
half a million visits on their
main channels, they have more channels Enrique has
more than two million, two million
two hundred thousand visits, even Enrique
doubles it,
but apart from
the number of visits and the number of
audiences, like
Antonio had 27 million visits,
the audience does not prove him right.
If the audience were right, he
would be right. The TV factory would
not be right.
Rocío Carrasco's documentary, which has 4 million
viewers, please don't say any more
nonsense.
A hug, family, may there be peace.